This
First choice, did I hear that right?
Of course not.
This is what you have.
Miss Mo, if you don't mind
Later on in the whole basket
The Ichiki family is a long-term partner of my Xiao family
Come on.
Present the gift
Xiao Family Gift Pack
50 century-old ginseng plants
Central Building 100
Plus 300 billion in trade orders
I don't believe it.
May I ask why you are not satisfied?
Old man, you are so pitiful
Due to time constraints
Just for these
Please rest assured.
From Now On
I, the Xiao family, will do my best
Wujiacheng Building Top Chijia
That's not bad.
I won't pursue it this time.
I am an adult
Mr. Zhang
You've figured it out
My eight families respect you
But it doesn't mean my eight families are fat
My Ye Family Shengtian Temple
How dare you ban
That's disrespect to the gods
Do you think he can help you fight against the Temple of God?
My daughter Hu Yanran
More able to become a young clan of Yunying Sect
Even if your Xiao family can suppress us, it is difficult to defend the eight clans
Can withstand the Heavenly Temple Father Humph
It can't match the supreme fiber of Yun Yingzong
Once my daughter makes a move
You can't all eat and run around
Grandpa
Could it be that
You really have to do it for a comprehensive
Give up our Xiao family's profound customs?